Add post with Trino Summit lineup (#733)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2024-11-22-trino-summit-2024-lineup.md

---
layout: post
title: "The glorious lineup for Trino Summit 2024"
author: "Manfred Moser, Monica Miller, Anna Schibli"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
image: /assets/blog/trino-summit-2024/lineup-blog-banner.png
---

We just wrapped up our mini training series [SQL basecamps before Trino
Summit]({% post_url 2024-11-21-sql-basecamps-view %}), and now Trino Summit 2024
is less than three busy weeks away. It's a good thing that we have also been
working hard on all the preparations for the summit. Everything is coming
together, and we are excited to share the full lineup for the free, virtual, two
day event today. 

<!--more-->

In [our first glimpse at the summit]({% post_url
2024-10-17-trino-summit-2024-tease %}) we were able to share a few sessions with
more details. Now have a look at the whole lineup with speakers from all these
companies:

logo wall

Make sure you register to get up to date information and more details for all
the session. It will allow you to join us live, chat with the speakers during

> the event. You will also get follow up information about slide decks and
> recordings becoming available so you can review, watch anything you missed, and
> share sessions with your peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the event. You will also get important follow up information including session
recordings and slide decks so you can review, watch anything you missed, and
share sessions with your peers.
```

    href="https://www.starburst.io/info/trino-summit-2024/?utm_medium=trino&utm_source=website&[…]mpaign=NORAM-FY25-Q4-CM-Trino-Summit-2024&utm_content=blog-3">
        Register now
    </a>
</div>

## Keynote

In the keynote **Enduring with persistence to reach the summit** Martin
Traverso, co-creator of Trino and CTO at
[Starburst]({{site.baseurl}}/users.html#starburst), covers the developments from
2024 in the Trino projects and the Trino community. Martin also reveals details
about new features, new projects, and plans for 2025.

## Panel discussion

The hype and reality of AI has swept through the industry. In the panel
discussion **Lessons and news from the AI world for Trino**, Manfred Moser is
moderating experts from the community:

* Gunther Hagleitner, CEO and Co-founder at [Waii](https://waii.ai/)
* Rong Rong, Software Engineer at [CharacterAI](https://character.ai/)
* William Chang, Co-founder and CTO of [Canner](https://cannerdata.com/) and
  [WrenAI](https://getwren.ai/)
* Mustafa Sakalsiz, Founder and CEO at [Peaka](https://www.peaka.com/)
* Dain Sundstrom, Trino co-creator and CTO at [Starburst](https://www.starburst.io/)

> All panelists have have extensive experience with AI and Trino, with share their
> knowledge and different perspectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All panelists have extensive experience with AI and Trino, and will share their
knowledge and different perspectives.
```
